Updated to use ::class in $returnType example (#6134)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/models/model.rst

the resulting data, instead of the Result object. This setting allows you to define
the type of data that is returned. Valid values are '**array**' (the default), '**object**', or the **fully
qualified name of a class** that can be used with the Result object's ``getCustomResultObject()``

> method. Using the ``::class`` suffix of the class will allow most IDEs to 

Reviewer: The `::class` is not a suffix but a [special constant](https://www.php.net/manual/en/language.oop5.constants.php) of the class.
```suggestion
method. Using the special ``::class`` constant of the class will allow most IDEs to 
```
